Adding information about hosting nodeschool (#94)
nodeschool/vancouver: HOSTING.md

# Hosting NodeSchool YVR

Are you interested in hosting NodeSchool Vancouver? We have a minimum set of requirements, and things other people have provided.

## Minimum requirements

> * Seating and table space for 20+ people

Reviewer: Maybe bump that up to 30 people, just to have some breathing room? Or we could put an item in the "nice to have" section with a suggested higher capacity?

** Can be split into a couple rooms because we tend to split into smaller groups
* Wifi for 20+ people
* Power

## Nice to have

* Mentors

> ** Usuaully a good idea to have people from your company/org interact with members of the community

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
** It's typically helpful to have people from your company/organization interact with members of the community. Participants find the contact supportive and a chance to discuss all sorts of technical, cultural, and experiential questions!
```

* Power strips
** Some of the organizers have various power strips that can be loaned out if you don't have anything available
* Job postings

> ** Lots of node schoolers are looking for work, so its good to have someone or something that knows about your companies postings

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
** A large proportion of NodeSchoolers are looking for work (or open to the idea of changing roles)! It can be helpful to have a person who can talk a little about your company's open roles attending the session 💁🏽
```

* Swag

> ** Helps your company get remembered

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
** Helps your company get remembered. (Stickers, print stickers ;) They're small, shareable, and a good conversation starter. Collapsible water bottles are great too.)
```

Author: I'm reluctant to tell people what swag they should get. They usually have marketing departments who figure out what works and what doesn't

Reviewer 2: Fair point, thanks @halkeye :) I'm retracting the suggestion

> * Whiteboards

Reviewer: Drinks/snacks, maybe?
